docs: add ecs README.md (#55)
TEAM-AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA/RTYPE: src/ecs/README.md

They are most of the time struct/class containing some obvious fact.
As example, Component Position : 
```Cpp
struct Position {  
	int x;  
	int y;  
};
```

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
<h3 style="text-align: center; color:orange">Sparse Array</h3>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It's a wrapper around a std::vector used to store components of Entities.
It got all the utility as a normal vector (end(),  begin()...).
The special feature of the SparseArray class is that its size never gets smaller.
Even if an Entity disapears or is deleted, we only put a `std::nullopt` at his component location, in this way it could be reused after.
Sparse array Class private members : 

```c++
std::vector<std::optional<Component>> _data
```

It represents the vector of each component in the current world.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

<h3 style="text-align: center; color:orange">Systems</h3>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Systems are the thing who directly interacts with components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Systems are the things that directly interacts with components.
```
Systems are not people, don't use who

> They actually get all the associated components in oder to actualize Entities values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They actually get all the associated components in order to actualize Entities' values.
```

> They are generated in lambda forma and pushed in the private vector of the current world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are generated in lambda format and pushed in the private vector of the current world.
```

    auto &directions = world.registry.getComponents<component::Direction>();  
    using chrono = std::chrono::high_resolution_clock;
    static auto clock = chrono::now();
    
    // Loop on every components and apply the logic of the system
    for (size_t i = 0; i < positions.size() && i < velocities.size(); ++i) {  
        auto &pos = positions[i];  
        auto const &vel = velocities[i];  
        auto &dir = directions[i];  
        if (pos && vel) {
 
        // The goal of this is to update Entities values
            if (std::chrono::duration<double, std::milli>(chrono::now() - clock).count() > 10) {  
                pos.value().x += vel.value().x * (dir.value().x);  
                pos.value().y += vel.value().y * dir.value().y;  
                dir.value().x = 0;  
                dir.value().y = 0;  
                clock = chrono::now();  
            }  
        }  
    };  
};
```

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

<h3 style="text-align: center; color:orange">Registry</h3>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> This is the most interessant part if we speak about managing components because it's the **Components Manager** by definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the most interesting part if we talk about managing components because it's the **Components Manager** by definition.
```

It consists of two main methods :

``` c++
template <class Component> SparseArray<Component> &registerComponent()
```

> This function is not used by the developper but it allows, in back end, to allow a new type of components in the registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function is not used by the developper but it allows, in back end, a new type of components in the registry.
```

it allows to allow, are you sure that's what it does
(I don't) Up to you

> In the same way, the component store a self delete methods as a lambda in a `_earase_func` private vector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the same way, the component stores a self delete methods as a lambda in a `_eraseFunc` private vector.
```

		
```c++
typename SparseArray<Component>::referenceType addComponent(Entity const &to, Component &&c)
```

If your objective is to add a new component to the Sparse Array, you are at the right place.

> Let's just define what a world is before giving you a good example of adding a component and make it run properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's just define what a world is before giving you a good example of adding a component and making it run properly.
```

Reviewer: Not sure tbh about this change, up to you

Registry Class Private Member

```cpp
std::unordered_map<std::type_index, std::any> _componentsArrays;
```

It represents the group of components already registred by the registerComponent method

``` c++
std::vector<std::function<void(Registry &, Entity const &)>> _eraseFunctions;  
```

It represents the vector of self erase lambda of each component

```c++
std::vector<std::size_t> _entitiesBin;  
```

It represents the bin of every deleted entities, used to recover an entity instead of creating another one

```c++
std::size_t _lastEntity;
```

It represents the current number of entities used or able to be used in the Registry Class

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
<h3 style="text-align: center; color:orange">Worlds</h3>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It is at the top of the architecture because it contains all the terms seen before.
In a more concrete way, we can see worlds as scene.
For example, in the Game part, we can see different worlds : 

- World Menu
- World GameLogic

> In this way, world contain every usefull component & system which is associated with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this way, world contains every useful component & system which is associated with it.
```

> As example we'll not use component Position or Velocity in the server world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, we'll not use component Position or Velocity in the server world.
```

```c++
std::unique_ptr<sf::RenderWindow> &_window;  
```

The window used to display any information by the World class

``` c++
std::vector<std::function<void(World &)>> _systems;  
```

Private system's vector of the World class 

```c++
std::stack<ecs::Event> _events;
```

Private events' stack of the World class

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
<h3 style="text-align: center; color:orange">Example</h3>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Now that we have a better visualization of what composes the ecs, we can see how we can use it.

> Lets now decompose our main function who's actually creating a world, spawn two entities and gives the player the possibility to move  and shoot :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's decompose our main function who's actually creating a world, spawn two entities and gives the player the possibility to move  and shoot :
```

Reviewer: Up to you
